docs/autogen/src/src/Auction.sol/contract.Auction.md, before:

# Auction
[Git Source](https://github.com/Uniswap/twap-auction/blob/c968c963f6b2d0d8603af50fad60d232a645daef/src/Auction.sol)

**Inherits:**
[BidStorage](/src/BidStorage.sol/abstract.BidStorage.md), [CheckpointStorage](/src/CheckpointStorage.sol/abstract.CheckpointStorage.md), [AuctionStepStorage](/src/AuctionStepStorage.sol/abstract.AuctionStepStorage.md), [TickStorage](/src/TickStorage.sol/abstract.TickStorage.md), [PermitSingleForwarder](/src/PermitSingleForwarder.sol/abstract.PermitSingleForwarder.md), [TokenCurrencyStorage](/src/TokenCurrencyStorage.sol/abstract.TokenCurrencyStorage.md), [IAuction](/src/interfaces/IAuction.sol/interface.IAuction.md)

Implements a time weighted uniform clearing price auction

*Can be constructed directly or through the AuctionFactory. In either case, users must validate
that the auction parameters are correct and it has sufficient token balance.*

**Note:**
security-contact: security@uniswap.org


## State Variables
### CLAIM_BLOCK
The block at which purchased tokens can be claimed


```solidity
uint64 internal immutable CLAIM_BLOCK;
```


### VALIDATION_HOOK
An optional hook to be called before a bid is registered


```solidity
IValidationHook internal immutable VALIDATION_HOOK;
```


### $sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7
The sum of demand in ticks above the clearing price


```solidity
ValueX7 internal $sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7;
```


### $_tokensReceived
Whether the TOTAL_SUPPLY of tokens has been received


```solidity
bool private $_tokensReceived;
```


### $_supplyRolloverMultiplier
A packed uint256 containing `set`, `remainingSupplyX7X7`, and `remainingMps` values derived from the checkpoint
immediately before the auction becomes fully subscribed. The ratio of these helps account for rollover supply.


```solidity
SupplyRolloverMultiplier internal $_supplyRolloverMultiplier;
```


## Functions
### constructor


```solidity
constructor(address _token, uint256 _totalSupply, AuctionParameters memory _parameters)
    AuctionStepStorage(_parameters.auctionStepsData, _parameters.startBlock, _parameters.endBlock)
    TokenCurrencyStorage(
        _token,
        _parameters.currency,
        _totalSupply,
        _parameters.tokensRecipient,
        _parameters.fundsRecipient,
        _parameters.graduationThresholdMps
    )
    TickStorage(_parameters.tickSpacing, _parameters.floorPrice)
    PermitSingleForwarder(IAllowanceTransfer(PERMIT2));
```

### onlyAfterAuctionIsOver

Modifier for functions which can only be called after the auction is over


```solidity
modifier onlyAfterAuctionIsOver();
```

### onlyActiveAuction

Modifier for functions which can only be called after the auction is started and the tokens have been received


```solidity
modifier onlyActiveAuction();
```

### onTokensReceived

Notify a distribution contract that it has received the tokens to distribute


```solidity
function onTokensReceived() external;
```

### isGraduated

Whether the auction has sold more tokens than specified in the graduation threshold as of the latest checkpoint

*Be aware that the latest checkpoint may be out of date*


```solidity
function isGraduated() external view returns (bool);
```
**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`bool`|bool True if the auction has graduated, false otherwise|


### _isGraduated

Whether the auction has graduated as of the given checkpoint (sold more than the graduation threshold)


```solidity
function _isGraduated(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint) internal view returns (bool);
```

### _sellTokensAtClearingPrice

Return a new checkpoint after advancing the current checkpoint by some `mps`
This function updates the cumulative values of the checkpoint, and
requires that the clearing price is up to date


```solidity
function _sellTokensAtClearingPrice(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint, uint24 deltaMps)
    internal
    returns (Checkpoint memory);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`_checkpoint`|`Checkpoint`|The checkpoint to sell tokens at its clearing price|
|`deltaMps`|`uint24`|The number of mps to sell|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`Checkpoint`|The checkpoint with all cumulative values updated|


### _advanceToCurrentStep

Fast forward to the current step, selling tokens at the current clearing price according to the supply schedule

*The checkpoint MUST have the most up to date clearing price since `sellTokensAtClearingPrice` depends on it*


```solidity
function _advanceToCurrentStep(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint, uint64 blockNumber)
    internal
    returns (Checkpoint memory);
```

### _calculateNewClearingPrice

Calculate the new clearing price, given the cumulative demand and the remaining supply in the auction


```solidity
function _calculateNewClearingPrice(
    ValueX7 _sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7,
    ValueX7X7 _remainingSupplyX7X7,
    uint24 _remainingMpsInAuction
) internal view returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`_sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7`|`ValueX7`|The sum of demand above the clearing price|
|`_remainingSupplyX7X7`|`ValueX7X7`|The result of TOTAL_SUPPLY_X7_X7 minus the total cleared supply so far|
|`_remainingMpsInAuction`|`uint24`|The remaining mps in the auction which is MPSLib.MPS minus the cumulative mps so far|


### _iterateOverTicksAndFindClearingPrice

Iterate to find the tick where the total demand at and above it is strictly less than the remaining supply in the auction

*If the loop reaches the highest tick in the book, `nextActiveTickPrice` will be set to MAX_TICK_PRICE*


```solidity
function _iterateOverTicksAndFindClearingPrice(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint) internal returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`_checkpoint`|`Checkpoint`|The latest checkpoint|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|The new clearing price|


### _unsafeCheckpoint

Internal function for checkpointing at a specific block number

*This updates the state of the auction accounting for the bids placed after the last checkpoint
Checkpoints are created at the top of each block with a new bid and does NOT include that bid
Because of this, we need to calculate what the new state of the Auction should be before updating
purely on the supply we will sell to the potentially updated `sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7` value*


```solidity
function _unsafeCheckpoint(uint64 blockNumber) internal returns (Checkpoint memory _checkpoint);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`blockNumber`|`uint64`|The block number to checkpoint at|


### _getFinalCheckpoint

Return the final checkpoint of the auction

*Only called when the auction is over. Changes the current state of the `step` to the final step in the auction
any future calls to `step.mps` will return the mps of the last step in the auction*


```solidity
function _getFinalCheckpoint() internal returns (Checkpoint memory);
```

### _submitBid


```solidity
function _submitBid(uint256 maxPrice, uint256 amount, address owner, uint256 prevTickPrice, bytes calldata hookData)
    internal
    returns (uint256 bidId);
```

### _processExit

Given a bid, tokens filled and refund, process the transfers and refund


```solidity
function _processExit(uint256 bidId, Bid memory bid, uint256 tokensFilled, uint256 refund) internal;
```

### checkpoint

Register a new checkpoint

*This function is called every time a new bid is submitted above the current clearing price*


```solidity
function checkpoint() public onlyActiveAuction returns (Checkpoint memory);
```
**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`Checkpoint`|_checkpoint The checkpoint at the current block|


### submitBid

Submit a new bid

*Bids can be submitted anytime between the startBlock and the endBlock.*


```solidity
function submitBid(uint256 maxPrice, uint256 amount, address owner, uint256 prevTickPrice, bytes calldata hookData)
    public
    payable
    onlyActiveAuction
    returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`maxPrice`|`uint256`|The maximum price the bidder is willing to pay|
|`amount`|`uint256`|The amount of the bid|
|`owner`|`address`|The owner of the bid|
|`prevTickPrice`|`uint256`|The price of the previous tick|
|`hookData`|`bytes`|Additional data to pass to the hook required for validation|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|bidId The id of the bid|


### submitBid

Submit a new bid


```solidity
function submitBid(uint256 maxPrice, uint256 amount, address owner, bytes calldata hookData)
    public
    payable
    onlyActiveAuction
    returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`maxPrice`|`uint256`|The maximum price the bidder is willing to pay|
|`amount`|`uint256`|The amount of the bid|
|`owner`|`address`|The owner of the bid|
|`hookData`|`bytes`|Additional data to pass to the hook required for validation|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|bidId The id of the bid|


### exitBid

Exit a bid

*This function can only be used for bids where the max price is above the final clearing price after the auction has ended*


```solidity
function exitBid(uint256 bidId) external onlyAfterAuctionIsOver;
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`bidId`|`uint256`|The id of the bid|


### exitPartiallyFilledBid

Exit a bid which has been partially filled

*This function can be used for fully filled or partially filled bids. For fully filled bids, `exitBid` is more efficient*


```solidity
function exitPartiallyFilledBid(uint256 bidId, uint64 lastFullyFilledCheckpointBlock, uint64 outbidBlock) external;
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`bidId`|`uint256`|The id of the bid|
|`lastFullyFilledCheckpointBlock`|`uint64`||
|`outbidBlock`|`uint64`|The first checkpointed block where the clearing price is strictly > bid.maxPrice, or 0 if the bid is partially filled at the end of the auction|


### claimTokens

Claim tokens after the auction's claim block

*Anyone can claim tokens for any bid, the tokens are transferred to the bid owner*


```solidity
function claimTokens(uint256 bidId) external;
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`bidId`|`uint256`|The id of the bid|


### sweepCurrency

Withdraw all of the currency raised

*Can be called by anyone after the auction has ended*


```solidity
function sweepCurrency() external onlyAfterAuctionIsOver;
```

### sweepUnsoldTokens

Sweep any leftover tokens to the tokens recipient

*This function can only be called after the auction has ended*


```solidity
function sweepUnsoldTokens() external onlyAfterAuctionIsOver;
```

### claimBlock

The block at which the auction can be claimed


```solidity
function claimBlock() external view override(IAuction) returns (uint64);
```

### validationHook

The address of the validation hook for the auction


```solidity
function validationHook() external view override(IAuction) returns (IValidationHook);
```

### sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7

The sum of demand in ticks above the clearing price


```solidity
function sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7() external view override(IAuction) returns (ValueX7);
```

Commit message:

feat: add new events (#188)
* Add new events for clearing price update and ticks outbid

* pre-commit

* pre-commit

docs/autogen/src/src/Auction.sol/contract.Auction.md, after:

# Auction
[Git Source](https://github.com/Uniswap/twap-auction/blob/8c2930146e31b54e368caa772ec5bb20d1a47d12/src/Auction.sol)

**Inherits:**
[BidStorage](/src/BidStorage.sol/abstract.BidStorage.md), [CheckpointStorage](/src/CheckpointStorage.sol/abstract.CheckpointStorage.md), [AuctionStepStorage](/src/AuctionStepStorage.sol/abstract.AuctionStepStorage.md), [TickStorage](/src/TickStorage.sol/abstract.TickStorage.md), [PermitSingleForwarder](/src/PermitSingleForwarder.sol/abstract.PermitSingleForwarder.md), [TokenCurrencyStorage](/src/TokenCurrencyStorage.sol/abstract.TokenCurrencyStorage.md), [IAuction](/src/interfaces/IAuction.sol/interface.IAuction.md)

Implements a time weighted uniform clearing price auction

*Can be constructed directly or through the AuctionFactory. In either case, users must validate
that the auction parameters are correct and it has sufficient token balance.*

**Note:**
security-contact: security@uniswap.org


## State Variables
### CLAIM_BLOCK
The block at which purchased tokens can be claimed


```solidity
uint64 internal immutable CLAIM_BLOCK;
```


### VALIDATION_HOOK
An optional hook to be called before a bid is registered


```solidity
IValidationHook internal immutable VALIDATION_HOOK;
```


### $sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7
The sum of demand in ticks above the clearing price


```solidity
ValueX7 internal $sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7;
```


### $_tokensReceived
Whether the TOTAL_SUPPLY of tokens has been received


```solidity
bool private $_tokensReceived;
```


### $_supplyRolloverMultiplier
A packed uint256 containing `set`, `remainingSupplyX7X7`, and `remainingMps` values derived from the checkpoint
immediately before the auction becomes fully subscribed. The ratio of these helps account for rollover supply.


```solidity
SupplyRolloverMultiplier internal $_supplyRolloverMultiplier;
```


## Functions
### constructor


```solidity
constructor(address _token, uint256 _totalSupply, AuctionParameters memory _parameters)
    AuctionStepStorage(_parameters.auctionStepsData, _parameters.startBlock, _parameters.endBlock)
    TokenCurrencyStorage(
        _token,
        _parameters.currency,
        _totalSupply,
        _parameters.tokensRecipient,
        _parameters.fundsRecipient
    )
    TickStorage(_parameters.tickSpacing, _parameters.floorPrice)
    PermitSingleForwarder(IAllowanceTransfer(PERMIT2));
```

### onlyAfterAuctionIsOver

Modifier for functions which can only be called after the auction is over


```solidity
modifier onlyAfterAuctionIsOver();
```

### onlyActiveAuction

Modifier for functions which can only be called after the auction is started and the tokens have been received


```solidity
modifier onlyActiveAuction();
```

### onTokensReceived

Notify a distribution contract that it has received the tokens to distribute


```solidity
function onTokensReceived() external;
```

### isGraduated

Whether the auction has graduated as of the given checkpoint

*The auction is considered `graudated` if the clearing price is greater than the floor price
since that means it has sold all of the total supply of tokens.*


```solidity
function isGraduated() external view returns (bool);
```
**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`bool`|bool True if the auction has graduated, false otherwise|


### _isGraduated

Whether the auction has graduated as of the given checkpoint

*The auction is considered `graudated` if the clearing price is greater than the floor price
since that means it has sold all of the total supply of tokens.*


```solidity
function _isGraduated(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint) internal view returns (bool);
```

### _sellTokensAtClearingPrice

Return a new checkpoint after advancing the current checkpoint by some `mps`
This function updates the cumulative values of the checkpoint, and
requires that the clearing price is up to date


```solidity
function _sellTokensAtClearingPrice(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint, uint24 deltaMps)
    internal
    returns (Checkpoint memory);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`_checkpoint`|`Checkpoint`|The checkpoint to sell tokens at its clearing price|
|`deltaMps`|`uint24`|The number of mps to sell|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`Checkpoint`|The checkpoint with all cumulative values updated|


### _advanceToCurrentStep

Fast forward to the current step, selling tokens at the current clearing price according to the supply schedule

*The checkpoint MUST have the most up to date clearing price since `sellTokensAtClearingPrice` depends on it*


```solidity
function _advanceToCurrentStep(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint, uint64 blockNumber)
    internal
    returns (Checkpoint memory);
```

### _calculateNewClearingPrice

Calculate the new clearing price, given the cumulative demand and the remaining supply in the auction


```solidity
function _calculateNewClearingPrice(
    ValueX7 _sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7,
    ValueX7X7 _remainingSupplyX7X7,
    uint24 _remainingMpsInAuction
) internal view returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`_sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7`|`ValueX7`|The sum of demand above the clearing price|
|`_remainingSupplyX7X7`|`ValueX7X7`|The result of TOTAL_SUPPLY_X7_X7 minus the total cleared supply so far|
|`_remainingMpsInAuction`|`uint24`|The remaining mps in the auction which is ConstantsLib.MPS minus the cumulative mps so far|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|The new clearing price|


### _iterateOverTicksAndFindClearingPrice

Iterate to find the tick where the total demand at and above it is strictly less than the remaining supply in the auction

*If the loop reaches the highest tick in the book, `nextActiveTickPrice` will be set to MAX_TICK_PTR*


```solidity
function _iterateOverTicksAndFindClearingPrice(Checkpoint memory _checkpoint) internal returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`_checkpoint`|`Checkpoint`|The latest checkpoint|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|The new clearing price|


### _unsafeCheckpoint

Internal function for checkpointing at a specific block number

*This updates the state of the auction accounting for the bids placed after the last checkpoint
Checkpoints are created at the top of each block with a new bid and does NOT include that bid
Because of this, we need to calculate what the new state of the Auction should be before updating
purely on the supply we will sell to the potentially updated `sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7` value*


```solidity
function _unsafeCheckpoint(uint64 blockNumber) internal returns (Checkpoint memory _checkpoint);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`blockNumber`|`uint64`|The block number to checkpoint at|


### _getFinalCheckpoint

Return the final checkpoint of the auction

*Only called when the auction is over. Changes the current state of the `step` to the final step in the auction
any future calls to `step.mps` will return the mps of the last step in the auction*


```solidity
function _getFinalCheckpoint() internal returns (Checkpoint memory);
```

### _submitBid


```solidity
function _submitBid(uint256 maxPrice, uint256 amount, address owner, uint256 prevTickPrice, bytes calldata hookData)
    internal
    returns (uint256 bidId);
```

### _processExit

Given a bid, tokens filled and refund, process the transfers and refund


```solidity
function _processExit(uint256 bidId, Bid memory bid, uint256 tokensFilled, uint256 refund) internal;
```

### checkpoint

Register a new checkpoint

*This function is called every time a new bid is submitted above the current clearing price*


```solidity
function checkpoint() public onlyActiveAuction returns (Checkpoint memory);
```
**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`Checkpoint`|_checkpoint The checkpoint at the current block|


### submitBid

Submit a new bid

*Bids can be submitted anytime between the startBlock and the endBlock.*


```solidity
function submitBid(uint256 maxPrice, uint256 amount, address owner, uint256 prevTickPrice, bytes calldata hookData)
    public
    payable
    onlyActiveAuction
    returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`maxPrice`|`uint256`|The maximum price the bidder is willing to pay|
|`amount`|`uint256`|The amount of the bid|
|`owner`|`address`|The owner of the bid|
|`prevTickPrice`|`uint256`|The price of the previous tick|
|`hookData`|`bytes`|Additional data to pass to the hook required for validation|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|bidId The id of the bid|


### submitBid

Submit a new bid


```solidity
function submitBid(uint256 maxPrice, uint256 amount, address owner, bytes calldata hookData)
    public
    payable
    onlyActiveAuction
    returns (uint256);
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`maxPrice`|`uint256`|The maximum price the bidder is willing to pay|
|`amount`|`uint256`|The amount of the bid|
|`owner`|`address`|The owner of the bid|
|`hookData`|`bytes`|Additional data to pass to the hook required for validation|

**Returns**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`<none>`|`uint256`|bidId The id of the bid|


### exitBid

Exit a bid

*This function can only be used for bids where the max price is above the final clearing price after the auction has ended*


```solidity
function exitBid(uint256 bidId) external onlyAfterAuctionIsOver;
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`bidId`|`uint256`|The id of the bid|


### exitPartiallyFilledBid

Exit a bid which has been partially filled

*This function can be used for fully filled or partially filled bids. For fully filled bids, `exitBid` is more efficient*


```solidity
function exitPartiallyFilledBid(uint256 bidId, uint64 lastFullyFilledCheckpointBlock, uint64 outbidBlock) external;
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`bidId`|`uint256`|The id of the bid|
|`lastFullyFilledCheckpointBlock`|`uint64`||
|`outbidBlock`|`uint64`|The first checkpointed block where the clearing price is strictly > bid.maxPrice, or 0 if the bid is partially filled at the end of the auction|


### claimTokens

Claim tokens after the auction's claim block

*Anyone can claim tokens for any bid, the tokens are transferred to the bid owner*


```solidity
function claimTokens(uint256 bidId) external;
```
**Parameters**

|Name|Type|Description|
|----|----|-----------|
|`bidId`|`uint256`|The id of the bid|


### sweepCurrency

Withdraw all of the currency raised

*Can be called by anyone after the auction has ended*


```solidity
function sweepCurrency() external onlyAfterAuctionIsOver;
```

### sweepUnsoldTokens

Sweep any leftover tokens to the tokens recipient

*This function can only be called after the auction has ended*


```solidity
function sweepUnsoldTokens() external onlyAfterAuctionIsOver;
```

### claimBlock

The block at which the auction can be claimed


```solidity
function claimBlock() external view override(IAuction) returns (uint64);
```

### validationHook

The address of the validation hook for the auction


```solidity
function validationHook() external view override(IAuction) returns (IValidationHook);
```

### sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7

The sum of demand in ticks above the clearing price


```solidity
function sumCurrencyDemandAboveClearingX7() external view override(IAuction) returns (ValueX7);
```
